README.md, before:

# PIPN-P_MG

## DSA501_Fall2023 
### Mounika Goruganthu


Step1: In the GitHub landing page, click on "New" to create a new repo. </br>
Step2: In the new repo page, specify the name, and option to add a 'Readme.md' file. We will be using the readme file to keep track of all the steps. </br>
Step3: Next click on 'Commit Changes'</br>
Step4: With this, the actions in the GitHub page are complete. </br>
Step5: Now, in Jupyter Notebook's landing page, click on 'New' and then 'Terminal'. This will open the terminal GUI in a new window. </br>
Step6: In the terminal, type "git clone https://github.com/entwickelt/PIPN-P_MG.git" and press enter. </br>
Step7: We will see : Cloning into 'PIPN-P_MG'... Receiving objects: 100% (6/6), done. </br>
Step8: Go back to the Jupyter Notebook landing page, we will find the new repo among the list of folders. Click to open and check if it looks the same as in the GitHub website. </br>
Step9: Open the new repo "PIPN-N_MG" in Jupyter interface, create a new notebook and title it 'Python - IPython - Numpy and Pandas' </r>
Step10: Proceed to make notes in the file. When done, go to 'File' ---> 'Download as HTML (.html)' </br>
Step11: Upload the html file back into Jupyter in the same folder.</br>
Step12:

Commit message:

updated README.md with steps done for Week3Task2

README.md, after:

# PIPN-P_MG

## DSA501_Fall2023 
### Mounika Goruganthu


Step1: In the GitHub landing page, click on "New" to create a new repo. </br>
Step2: In the new repo page, specify the name, and option to add a 'Readme.md' file. We will be using the readme file to keep track of all the steps. </br>
Step3: Next click on 'Commit Changes'</br>
Step4: With this, the actions in the GitHub page are complete. </br>
Step5: Now, in Jupyter Notebook's landing page, click on 'New' and then 'Terminal'. This will open the terminal GUI in a new window. </br>
Step6: In the terminal, type "git clone https://github.com/entwickelt/PIPN-P_MG.git" and press enter. </br>
Step7: We will see : Cloning into 'PIPN-P_MG'... Receiving objects: 100% (6/6), done. </br>
Step8: Go back to the Jupyter Notebook landing page, we will find the new repo among the list of folders. Click to open and check if it looks the same as in the GitHub website. </br>
Step9: Open the new repo "PIPN-N_MG" in Jupyter interface, create a new notebook and title it 'Python - IPython - Numpy and Pandas' </r>
Step10: Proceed to make notes in the file. When done, go to 'File' ---> 'Download as HTML (.html)' </br>
Step11: Upload the html file back into Jupyter in the same folder.</br>
Step12: Now navigate back to the terminal, type 'dir' to check if the repo can be found. If the cloning was successsful, it should show up among the list of directories. </br>
Step13: Next, type "cd PIPN-P_MG" and press enter. The working directory should be the PythonIPython one. We can see that with the cursor -- PS C:\Users\mgulp\PIPN-P_MG>. Again type 'dir' to ensure that the files we created in Jupyter are there. </br>
Step14: While in the current directory, type 'git add .' to add all the files we created. </br>
Step15: Next type 'git commit -m "added a text file"' </br>
Step16: Next, type 'git push'. We will see a message: To https://github.com/entwickelt/PIPN-P_MG.git; lf3fe91..eab1ec3  main -> main. </br>
Step17: Go back to the GitHub website to the repo and refresh the page. Et voila! We now see our new files in the repo.</br>

## With these steps, we found a way to <b>seamlessly</b> create new files in our coing/ developing environment and to <i>upload</i> them to a code sharing/ collaborating platform like GitHub.
